One of the great features of TensorFlow,
is that it allows us to convert NumPy arrays to TensorFlow tensors,
and TensorFlow tensors to NumPy arrays very easily.
For example, to create a tensor from a NumPy array,
we can use the tf.convert_to_tensor function,
and to convert a tensor to a NumPy array,
we can just use the.numpy method.
So let's see some examples.
Let's start by creating a random NumPy array a,
with four rows and three columns.
Now we can see it displayed here.
Now we're going to take this NumPy array and convert it to a TensorFlow tensor,
by using the tf.convert_to_tensor function.
This function takes our NumPy array a
and returns a TensorFlow tensor that we are going to save in the variable b,
and we can see it here.
As we can see, both a and b,
have the same values,
but the only thing that changes is the type.
A is a NumPy array,
but b is now a TensorFlow tensor.
Now, let's convert our TensorFlow tensor b,
back to a NumPy array by using the.numpy method on the beat tensor.
This returns a NumPy array and we can see it here.
As we can see, the values of c,
b, and a are all the same.
The only thing that changes is the type between them.
It's important to note that when you change a NumPy array to a tensor,
or a tensor to a NumPy array,
their values remain independent.
That means that if you change the values of the tensor,
the values of the ndarray will not change and vice versa.
Let's see some examples.
Let's change our tensor b by multiplying its values by 40.
Here we can see the result.
Now if we display the values of our original NumPy array a,
and the values of the NumPy array c that we created from the b tensor,
we can see that the values of
these two Numpy arrays remain the same as their original values,
even though the values of the tensor flow b have changed.
Now, let's change the NumPy array a by adding one to its values.
Here we can see the result.
If we display the values of our tensor b and a NumPy array c,
we can see that they retain the same values they had before.